User1: Hey, I've been looking at this database schema we have, and I noticed that some row values for a particular column seem to be dominated by others.

User2: What do you mean when you say some values are dominated?

User1: I mean that the rows with column values that are greater than the maximum column value based on some condition are considered to dominate the other values.

User2: I see what you mean. Let's move on to another topic. How can we find the number of students enrolled in a specific course?

User1: We can check the Enrolled_in table, which has a record of students and the courses they are enrolled in.

User2: Right, that makes sense. What if we want to find out the details of the faculty members who teach a specific course?

User1: We would look at the Course table to find the Instructor ID, and then search the Faculty table using that ID to get the faculty member's details.

User2: Okay, got it. And what if we want to know the department a student is majoring in?

User1: We can check the Student table for the student's Major, which corresponds to the DNO in the Department table. Then, we can look up the department details using that DNO.

User2: Great. Now, what if we want to find the average age of students in a particular city?

User1: We would first look at the Student table to find all the students with the same city_code. Then, we can calculate the average age of those students.

User2: Sounds good. How about finding the total number of credits for a course?

User1: We can simply check the Credits column in the Course table for the specific course.

User2: What if we want to know the department a faculty member belongs to?

User1: We can check the Member_of table using the faculty member's FacID. This will give us the DNO, which we can then use to look up the department details in the Department table.

User2: Alright. How can we find the grade a student received in a specific course?

User1: We can look at the Enrolled_in table, find the row with the student's StuID and the course's CID, and then check the Grade column in that row.

User2: And how do we convert the letter grade to a grade point?

User1: We can use the Gradeconversion table, which has a mapping between the letter grades and their corresponding grade points.

User2: How can we find out if a student has a minor in a specific department?

User1: We can check the Minor_in table, look for the row with the student's StuID and the department's DNO. If there's a match, the student has a minor in that department.

User2: What if we want to know the room and building of a department?

User1: We can look at the Department table and find the row with the specific DNO. The Room and Building columns will have the required information.

User2: Great, thanks for the help! This database schema is quite comprehensive.

User1: You're welcome! It's designed to store a lot of useful information about students, faculty, departments, and courses. Let me know if you have any more questions.