User1: Well, we can see information about the classrooms, departments, courses, instructors, students, and the sections of courses that are offered in different semesters.

User2: Can we see the schedule of classes for a particular department?

User1: Yes, we can see the sections of courses that are offered in a particular semester for a given department. We can also see which instructors are teaching which courses in a particular semester.

User2: What about prerequisites for courses?

User1: Yes, we can see the prerequisites for a particular course in the prereq table.

User2: Can we see the time slots for different courses?

User1: Yes, we can see the time slots for different sections of courses in the section table. We can also see the start and end times for each time slot in the time_slot table.

User2: What about the capacity of each classroom?

User1: Yes, we can see the capacity of each classroom in the classroom table. We can also see which building and room number each classroom is in.

User2: Can we see which students are taking which courses?

User1: Yes, we can see which students are taking which courses in the takes table. We can also see the grade that each student received in a particular course.

User2: What about the advisors for each student?

User1: Yes, we can see the advisors for each student in the advisor table.

User2: That's great. So, can we also see the contact information for the instructors?

User1: Yes, we can see the contact information for the instructors in the instructor table. This includes their office location, phone number, and email address.

User2: What kind of information can we get about the students?

User1: We can see information about the students such as their name, address, phone number, and email address in the student table. We can also see their current GPA and the number of credits they have earned.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that a particular student has taken?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that a particular student has taken in the takes table. We can also see the semester in which they took the course and the grade they received.

User2: What about the list of courses that are offered in a particular semester?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered in a particular semester in the section table. We can also see the time slot and the instructor for each section.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are required for a particular major?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are required for a particular major in the course table. We can also see the number of credits required for each course.

User2: Can we see the list of students who are enrolled in a particular course?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of students who are enrolled in a particular course in the takes table. We can also see the grade that each student received in the course.

User2: What about the list of courses that are offered in a particular building?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered in a particular building in the section table. We can also see the room number and the time slot for each section.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are offered during a particular time slot?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered during a particular time slot in the section table. We can also see the building and room number for each section.

User2: What about the list of courses that are offered by a particular instructor?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered by a particular instructor in the teaches table. We can also see the semester in which the course was taught and the number of credits for the course.

User2: Can we see the list of students who are advised by a particular advisor?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of students who are advised by a particular advisor in the advisor table.

User2: That's really helpful. Can we see the list of courses that are offered online?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered online in the section table. They are usually denoted by a special section number.

User2: That's interesting. Can we see the list of courses that have a lab component?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a lab component in the course table. They are usually denoted by a special course code.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a field trip component?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a field trip component in the course table. They are usually denoted by a special course code.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a research component?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a research component in the course table. They are usually denoted by a special course code.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a thesis component?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a thesis component in the course table. They are usually denoted by a special course code.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a project component?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a project component in the course table. They are usually denoted by a special course code.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are offered in the summer semester?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered in the summer semester in the section table. We can also see the time slot, instructor, and room number for each section.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are offered in the winter semester?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered in the winter semester in the section table. We can also see the time slot, instructor, and room number for each section.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are offered in the fall semester?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered in the fall semester in the section table. We can also see the time slot, instructor, and room number for each section.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are offered in the spring semester?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are offered in the spring semester in the section table. We can also see the time slot, instructor, and room number for each section.

User2: That's great. Can we see the list of courses that are popular among students?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are popular among students in the takes table. We can also see the number of students enrolled in each course.

User2: Interesting. Can we see the list of courses that have the highest pass rates?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have the highest pass rates in the takes table. We can also see the number of students who passed the course and the number of students who failed.

User2: Can we see the list of instructors who have the highest student ratings?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of instructors who have the highest student ratings in the instructor table. We can also see the average rating for each instructor.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have the most prerequisites?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have the most prerequisites in the prereq table. We can also see the list of courses that are prerequisites for a particular course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are cross-listed with other departments?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are cross-listed with other departments in the course table. We can also see the department code for each cross-listed course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are only offered in the evening?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are only offered in the evening in the section table. We can also see the start and end times for each evening course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are only offered in the morning?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are only offered in the morning in the section table. We can also see the start and end times for each morning course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are only offered on weekends?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are only offered on weekends in the section table. We can also see the start and end times for each weekend course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that are only offered in certain semesters?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that are only offered in certain semesters in the course table. We can also see the semester code for each course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a high workload?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a high workload in the course table. We can also see the number of assignments and exams for each course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a low workload?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a low workload in the course table. We can also see the number of assignments and exams for each course.

User2: Can we see the list of courses that have a high drop-out rate?

User1: Yes, we can see the list of courses that have a high drop-out rate in the takes table. We can also see the number of students who dropped the course.

User2: Great, thanks!

User1: Based on the schema, some values are representative.

User2: What do you mean by representative value?

User1: Oh, I just mean the average for a given field.

User2: That makes sense.