User1: Based on the schema, some values are erpyiz.

User2: What do you mean by erpyiz?

User1: Oh, I just mean the average for a given field. For example, the average age of students in the Student table might be erpyiz of the overall age distribution.

User2: Got it. So, what kind of information can we get from the Dorm table?

User1: Well, we can see the capacity of each dorm and the gender it's designated for. We can also see the name of the dorm.

User2: And what about the Dorm_amenity table?

User1: That table just lists the amenities available in each dorm. Each amenity has a unique ID number.

User2: I see. So, how are the dorms and amenities connected?

User1: Through the Has_amenity table. It lists which amenities are available in each dorm, based on their respective IDs.

User2: Interesting. And how do we know which students live in which dorms?

User1: That's where the Lives_in table comes in. It lists the student ID, dorm ID, and room number for each student living on campus.

User2: That's really helpful. Do you know if there's a way to find out which students are majoring in a specific field?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Student table. It has a field for major, so we can filter by that to see which students are majoring in a specific field.

User2: That's great. I wonder if we can also find out which students have a particular GPA?

User1: Yes, we can do that too. The Student table also has a field for GPA, so we can filter by that to see which students have a particular GPA.

User2: That's really helpful. I'm curious, can we also see which classes a student is enrolled in?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Enrolls_in table. It lists the student ID, class ID, and the semester in which the student is enrolled.

User2: Interesting. Is there a way to find out which classes are offered in a specific semester?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Class table. It has a field for semester, so we can filter by that to see which classes are offered in a specific semester.

User2: That's really useful. I'm wondering if we can also see the grades that a student has received in each class?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Takes table. It lists the student ID, class ID, and the grade that the student received in that class.

User2: That's great. I'm curious, can we also see which professors are teaching which classes?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Teaches table. It lists the professor ID, class ID, and the semester in which the professor is teaching that class.

User2: That's really helpful. I'm wondering if we can also see the research interests of each professor?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Professor table. It has a field for research interests, so we can see which professors have research interests in a specific area.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm curious, can we also see which departments each professor is affiliated with?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Department table. It lists the department ID, department name, and the professor ID for each department.

User2: That's really useful. I'm wondering if we can also see which courses are required for each major?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Major table. It lists the major name and the course IDs for each course that is required for that major.

User2: That's really helpful. I'm curious, can we also see which students are on the Dean's list?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Dean's_list table. It lists the student ID and the semester in which the student made the Dean's list.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which clubs and organizations a student is a member of?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Belongs_to table. It lists the student ID and the club/organization ID for each club or organization that the student is a member of.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which scholarships a student has received?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Receives table. It lists the student ID, scholarship ID, and the semester in which the student received the scholarship.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which sports teams a student is on?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Plays_on table. It lists the student ID and the sport ID for each sport team that the student is on.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which professors have won awards?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Awards table. It lists the professor ID, award name, and the year in which the professor won the award.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which buildings are on campus?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Building table. It lists the building ID, building name, and the address of each building on campus.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which rooms are in each building?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Room table. It lists the room number, building ID, and the capacity of each room in each building.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which events are happening on campus?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Events table. It lists the event name, date, and location for each event happening on campus.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which parking lots are on campus?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Parking_lot table. It lists the parking lot ID, location, and the number of parking spots in each lot.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which dining options are available on campus?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Dining_options table. It lists the name and location of each dining option on campus, as well as the type of food that they serve.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which books are available in the campus library?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Library_books table. It lists the title, author, and ISBN number for each book in the library.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which research projects are being conducted by faculty members?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Research_projects table. It lists the project name, faculty member ID, and the description of each research project being conducted on campus.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which study abroad programs are available to students?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Study_abroad_programs table. It lists the name, location, and duration of each study abroad program available to students.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which internships are available to students?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Internship_opportunities table. It lists the name of the company offering the internship, the location, and the duration of each internship available to students.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which alumni have made significant contributions to their field?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Alumni table. It lists the name, graduation year, and the significant contributions made by each notable alumni.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which student organizations are available on campus?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Student_organizations table. It lists the name and description of each student organization on campus, as well as the contact information for the organization's leaders.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which faculty members are currently conducting research in a specific field?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Research_interests table. It lists the faculty member ID and the research interests for each faculty member on campus.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which facilities are available for students to use on campus?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Facilities table. It lists the name and location of each facility available for students to use on campus, such as the gym, pool, or computer lab.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which courses are being taught by a specific professor?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Teaches table. It lists the professor ID and the class ID for each class that the professor is teaching on campus.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which courses have prerequisites?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Prerequisites table. It lists the course ID and the prerequisite course ID for each course that has a prerequisite.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which students are currently enrolled in a specific class?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Enrolls_in table. It lists the student ID and the class ID for each student currently enrolled in a specific class.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which professors have written books?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Books table. It lists the book title, author, and the professor ID for each book written by a faculty member on campus.

User2: That's really useful. I'm curious, can we also see which courses are being offered online?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Online_courses table. It lists the class ID and the semester in which each online course is being offered.

User2: That's really interesting. I'm wondering if we can also see which students have completed an internship?

User1: Yes, we can find that information in the Completed_internships table. It lists the student ID, internship name, and the duration of each internship completed by a student on campus.

User2: That's really useful.