User1: Based on the schema, some values are concept_word.

User2: What do you mean by concept_word value?

User1: Oh, I just mean the average value. For example, the average age of the students in the database.

User2: I see. So, what kind of information can we get from this database?

User1: Well, we can find out things like the name, age, and major of each student, as well as who their advisor is and which city they're from.

User2: That's interesting. What about the Voting_record table? What kind of information does that hold?

User1: It holds information about each student's voting record, including which elections they participated in and who they voted for in each position.

User2: Can we find out who won each election?

User1: Not directly from the database, but we could use the information in the Voting_record table to calculate the results.

User2: That makes sense. Do you think we could use this database to find out which major has the most students?

User1: Absolutely. We could use a GROUP BY statement on the Major column in the Student table to count the number of students in each major.

User2: That's a good idea. What about finding out which city has the most students?

User1: We could do the same thing with the city_code column in the Student table. We could count the number of students in each city and find out which one has the most.

User2: That's really useful. Do you know if there's a way to find out which advisor has the most students?

User1: Yes, we could use a similar GROUP BY statement on the Advisor column in the Student table to count the number of students each advisor has.

User2: That would be helpful. I wonder if we could also find out which major has the highest average GPA.

User1: Yes, we could use the AVG function on the GPA column in the Student table and group by the Major column to find out the average GPA for each major.

User2: That's interesting. I'm also curious if we could find out which city has the highest average age for students.

User1: Hmm, that's an interesting question. We could use the AVG function on the Age column in the Student table and group by the city_code column to find out the average age for each city.

User2: That's a good idea. I wonder if there's a way to find out which advisor has the highest average GPA for their students.

User1: Yes, we could use the AVG function on the GPA column in the Student table and group by the Advisor column to find out the average GPA for each advisor's students.

User2: That would be useful information. I'm also curious if we could find out which major has the highest percentage of female students.

User1: That's a good question. We could use the COUNT function on the Gender column in the Student table and group by the Major column to find out the number of male and female students in each major.

User2: That's a good start. But how do we calculate the percentage of female students in each major?

User1: We could divide the count of female students in each major by the total number of students in that major and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That makes sense. I wonder if we could also find out which city has the highest percentage of international students.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the International column in the Student table and group by the city_code column to find out the number of international students in each city.

User2: That's a good idea. But how do we calculate the percentage of international students in each city?

User1: We could divide the count of international students in each city by the total number of students in that city and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a good method. I'm also curious if we could find out which advisor has the highest percentage of students who go on to graduate school.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Grad_school column in the Student table and group by the Advisor column to find out the number of students who go on to graduate school for each advisor.

User2: That's a good approach. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who go on to graduate school for each advisor?

User1: We could divide the count of students who go on to graduate school for each advisor by the total number of students for that advisor and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a useful calculation. I wonder if there's a way to find out which major has the highest percentage of students who study abroad.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Study_abroad column in the Student table and group by the Major column to find out the number of students who study abroad in each major.

User2: That's a good idea. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who study abroad for each major?

User1: We could divide the count of students who study abroad for each major by the total number of students in that major and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a good method. I'm also curious if we could find out which city has the highest percentage of students who get internships.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Internship column in the Student table and group by the city_code column to find out the number of students who get internships in each city.

User2: That's a good approach. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who get internships for each city?

User1: We could divide the count of students who get internships for each city by the total number of students in that city and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a useful calculation. I wonder if there's a way to find out which advisor has the highest percentage of students who get job offers after graduation.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Job_offer column in the Student table and group by the Advisor column to find out the number of students who get job offers after graduation for each advisor.

User2: That's a good idea. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who get job offers after graduation for each advisor?

User1: We could divide the count of students who get job offers after graduation for each advisor by the total number of students for that advisor and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a good method. I'm also curious if we could find out which major has the highest percentage of students who start their own businesses after graduation.

User1: That's an interesting question. We could use the COUNT function on the Own_business column in the Student table and group by the Major column to find out the number of students who start their own businesses in each major.

User2: That's a good approach. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who start their own businesses for each major?

User1: We could divide the count of students who start their own businesses for each major by the total number of students in that major and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a useful calculation. I wonder if there's a way to find out which city has the highest percentage of students who pursue further education after graduation.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Further_education column in the Student table and group by the city_code column to find out the number of students who pursue further education in each city.

User2: That's a good idea. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who pursue further education for each city?

User1: We could divide the count of students who pursue further education for each city by the total number of students in that city and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a good method. I'm also curious if we could find out which advisor has the highest percentage of students who become entrepreneurs after graduation.

User1: That's an interesting question. We could use the COUNT function on the Entrepreneurship column in the Student table and group by the Advisor column to find out the number of students who become entrepreneurs after graduation for each advisor.

User2: That's a good approach. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who become entrepreneurs for each advisor?

User1: We could divide the count of students who become entrepreneurs for each advisor by the total number of students for that advisor and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a useful calculation. I wonder if we could find out which major has the highest percentage of students who get involved in research projects.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Research column in the Student table and group by the Major column to find out the number of students who get involved in research projects in each major.

User2: That's a good idea. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who get involved in research projects for each major?

User1: We could divide the count of students who get involved in research projects for each major by the total number of students in that major and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a good method. I'm also curious if we could find out which city has the highest percentage of students who volunteer for community service.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Community_service column in the Student table and group by the city_code column to find out the number of students who volunteer for community service in each city.

User2: That's a good approach. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who volunteer for community service for each city?

User1: We could divide the count of students who volunteer for community service for each city by the total number of students in that city and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a useful calculation. I wonder if we could find out which advisor has the highest percentage of students who win scholarships.

User1: That's a good question. We could use the COUNT function on the Scholarship column in the Student table and group by the Advisor column to find out the number of students who win scholarships for each advisor.

User2: That's a good idea. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who win scholarships for each advisor?

User1: We could divide the count of students who win scholarships for each advisor by the total number of students for that advisor and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a useful calculation. I'm also curious if we could find out which major has the highest percentage of students who get hired by top companies.

User1: Yes, we could use the COUNT function on the Top_company column in the Student table and group by the Major column to find out the number of students who get hired by top companies in each major.

User2: That's a good approach. But how do we calculate the percentage of students who get hired by top companies for each major?

User1: We could divide the count of students who get hired by top companies for each major by the total number of students in that major and multiply by 100 to get the percentage.

User2: That's a good method.